Ruling on the last days of Ramadaan until the following Ramadaan
Also this is Mohammed Nasif Muti or Matri says: I left some days of
Ramadan last year, and I am embarrassed where they will judge me or Ramadan
This year, should I leave fasting after Ramadaan and fast, or fast for Ramadan?
Last, then I start with Muslims in fasting this month?
She returns the question
He said: I missed some days of Ramadan last year, and I am afraid that they will help me, or say
Ramadan raged me this year, and I did not deafen the rest of Ramadan last year.
Will I fast last year or leave it and postpone it and fast with Muslims? Ramadan this year that we?
The questioner and the jurisprudent of Allaah have to initiate fasting in this remaining period, and to judge
Fasting
This duty is done before Ramadan, and it is not permissible for him to delay and indulge,
But if he is overcome as a disease prevented him from fasting, he fast after Ramadan,
He has to feed a poor person for every day
Because of the leniency I resort to delay, but now it is necessary to fast
He has to take the initiative and fast what he has to do before Ramadan. This is the duty
Unless he is prevented from the disease, such as the disease could not be delayed
If he is incapacitated because of sickness until Ramadaan comes, he will delay it and fast after Ramadaan, God willing
He has to feed a poor person for every day
Because it is lenient to delay before the illness, but if it is delayed due to sickness throughout the year
I mean: from the time he fasted in sickness until now in sickness until Ramadan came, there is nothing but Spend
He will then spend the day if Allaah will make up for him after Ramadaan and nothing will be done for him
The one who delayed fasting is lenient and does not have to look after it
And he has to cook and feed if he delays it until after Ramadaan
But if he fasts in Rajab or in Sha'baan, there is nothing wrong with that. Yeah